Lasagna
WE’VE MOVED. Love our previous lasagna recipe? Us too! You can still find it here under ricotta lasagna!

There’s absolutely no way we can fully express just how passionate we are about this lasagna, though one of our coworkers breaking his self-imposed no-carbs rule to try a bite (and confess he’d marry anyone who made it for him) might give you an idea. Based on the traditional lasagna alla Bolognese from the Emilia-Romagna province in Italy, we grabbed what we loved most about the timeless, classic recipe and simplified it to make it weeknight-friendly. This lasagna can be eaten for any occasion—family Sunday dinner, lunch with friends over a pitcher of sangria, or cold straight from the fridge after a night out (it makes great leftovers). Read on for what you need to know before you start cooking:

All about the layers.
— The béchamel sauce. If you’ve made many Italian-American lasagna recipes, you might be surprised not to see ricotta in our ingredient list. While it’s a very practical option, we think ricotta lacks the creaminess that a béchamel can provide. Don’t be intimidated—this French “mother sauce” is very simple to make! The most important thing is to keep whisking the entire time so that you end up with a smooth (not clumpy) sauce.
— The Bolognese sauce. We’re having you make your own Bolognese sauce here, but with a time-saving twist: starting with store-bought marinara. When shopping for this recipe, choose a high-quality option that puts garlic, onions, and tomatoes at the forefront. We like Rao’s, but go with whatever you prefer.
— No-boil noodles. Though it’s traditional in many recipes to par-boil your noodles before layering them and baking, we found that no-boil noodles work just as well and are way more efficient.

How to layer lasagna:
It’s simple: Start with the Bolognese, follow with 3 pasta sheets, then your béchamel. Sprinkle on mozzarella and Parmesan, then repeat until you have 5 layers, finishing with cheese to get that melty, golden brown color when baked.

Storage tips:
— Can I make it ahead? Absolutely! If you’re working the day before, assemble your lasagna, make sure it’s at room temp—nothing should be warm—and then cover tightly and chill overnight.
— How long does it last in the fridge? You can keep it wrapped in plastic wrap for up to 5 days.
–How do I freeze lasagna? Easy—simply assemble, then wrap tightly and freeze for around a month. When ready to heat, let it thaw completely in the fridge before baking according to instructions.
– How do I reheat lasagna? Simply remove the plastic, wrap in foil, and bake at 325° for 30 minutes.